the government continues to make record
amounts of money from taxes it's
Unstoppable there's no denying that this
money is squandered the more money the
government makes the more that seems to
be wasted on the other hand the real
Rich the billionaires they don't pay tax
they have every possible loophole and
you can barely get a few dollars back at
tax time if you are lucky this is how
corrupt the system truly is you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we are going to talk about
free money for everyone and then I want
to connect that into a few other points
beginning with
this first topic is the universal basic
income one by one some of the biggest
names in Tech are publicly supporting
the idea of giving cash handouts to all
Americans that is the suggestion of
steuart butter field Elon Musk
Zuckerberg and others essentially what
they're saying is no matter what let's
give everyone a paycheck that paycheck
would then provide them with the minimum
they'll need to pump that back into the
economy to be able to find a way to make
ends meet using this money there are
already pilot projects that are going on
in different areas across the world
small towns essentially they give them a
bunch of money every single person and
they try to see do they save the money
under their mattress are they investing
the money are they spending the money
what's happening are they not working as
a result so this ultimately is the test
that they're providing and that is a
pilot project to see can we do this on a
national level is it beneficial that's
the way it's going you know an
individual like Elon Musk says
we will need a Ubi simply because we're
putting people out of work with robotics
with Automation and as a result we will
have no choice but to give people money
Mark Zuckerberg says that let's be
wonderful and generous and let's give
everyone money so there's sort of two
different sides to that he says that it
will just be a wonderful thing just to
give people money well look when you
have all those billions of dollars you
sort of have a different perspective on
money and and everything that's worth
you know it's really easy up on those
High horses up there that they can say
you know let's give free money but who's
giving the money I mean they get the tax
incentives and tax loopholes and
everything else you and I can barely get
anything we are the ones paying the
taxes we are the ones that fund the Ubi
which will then be given back to us I
mean what a wasteful system that they've
set up that we will pay into their taxes
whether it's being taxed by the mile
whether it's being put on our gasoline
whether it is sales taxes or income
taxes or property taxes or death taxes
or tax taxes or carbon taxes or taxes of
tax taxes taxes and you see where I'm
going with that and essentially then you
funnel its way through the system and it
makes its way through all that
bureaucracy wasting almost all of it and
then you get the little drippings and
the little crumbs that are left that's
how taxes work that's why it's a stupid
system how about let me keep all of my
money all of it every single dime of it
I'll do what I want and then you'll see
how much money I put back into this
system because that's the way it works
if you have more money you end up
spending it maybe it's something like
you do improvements at home maybe it's
that you bought that Cottage that you've
always wanted a vacation home in a sunny
place maybe any anything it could be
anything but you're spending the money
essentially you might save it to some
degree but then you save it perhaps to
buy something so that's the way it works
but if you do it through the taxation
system it's always keeping a tight grip
around your throat and you will always
struggle to breathe so let me take a
step forward here and look at this
6.5 million Americans paid a fine rather
than signing up for Obamacare coverage
think about that for a second millions
and millions of people would rather pay
a fine because it is a tax obamacare's
ATT
tax then
pay get into Obamacare that's how sick
and sorry this system is that people
would rather pay into this pay a fine
sure why not you know for my firsttime
home buyers
plan they make you pay back essentially
into your if you use an rrsp which is
like a
401k you have to pay it back if you
don't then they penalize you for that
over a period of years essentially right
until you pay that money you were
supposed to pay back in the first place
so for myself I'm not paying back into
it I don't want that money sitting
inside of there the only reason you use
that is basically to defer tax into a
later period of time that's the only
thing so doing so the way they've done
this is a very very stupid way to try
and get people to pay into the Health
Care system and ultimately it doesn't do
anything for health care itself people
think look you're giving Health Care
this just they know the talking points
you're giving Health Care to people who
didn't have it before what they don't
don't tell everybody is how everyone's
premiums increased dramatically some
people experienced increases multiple
times All Right Moving
On Me Remember a few years ago where
France decided to impose or attempt to
impose a
75% tax rate on certain people certain
amounts of income okay they're rich
people let's say so-called rich people
they're making a lot of money they are
the ones that have to pay the tax well
if somebody's getting paid I don't know
about you but if Canada for example
started taxing me at 75% I'm taking
every penny that I earn and I'm going to
make it
disappear that's the way it is if you
tax people at
75% they will go away they will
hide that's the way any taxation system
works you know historic it's been said
that the Surfs would Revolt after a
10% of Taxation if you took any more
than 10% away from these
slaves they would Revolt 10% now we're
looking at a 10% like we're we're
yelling and screaming at companies like
Google and apple and everybody else for
paying around that rate or or
less and that would have been that Mark
that they would have revolted at
we've really come a long
way this here is a suggestion anyway
talking about the fact that perhaps 31
trillion dollar up to $31 trillion has
leaked out of scores of countries into
secretive jurisdiction such as
Switzerland and the cay in otherlands to
help with the help of the private Banks
to basically put that off shore try to
hide that money now Switzerland gave in
with all their numbered accounts back in
their financial crisis say came in
Islands I off the top of my head don't
remember if they gave in but they were
pressuring them I know that but there
are other countries as well we'll talk
about that more in a moment essentially
what they believe is that many of these
billionaires and millionaires are
keeping their wealth offshore but I
would suggest to you that if a country
is going to take away your
money do you not feel that you would
want to keep it I mean isn't that just
a natural thing if you if you're working
you work a 9-to-5 job look a lot of
people they work in their 12 months
think about it like this you work from
January to
December and you have to work all the
way up until let's say may for
free and then you get to keep the rest
of that now think about that like when
you think about it in that way not just
the percentage of how much your income
is
that you're working all the way for
several months however much you know
your tax bracket is that you have to
work for a few months for free giving
all your money to the government so that
they can then use it against you to you
know all the different methods they do
so with the NSA let's say for
example look at this there there are
definitely places around the world like
Panama like Dominica like bise which
provide people with tax Havens I'm not
telling you to do anything okay I'm just
suggesting that there are people out
there who are finding a way to take
their money out of their country take
their income and move it offshore but
the question is why are they doing this
because the taxes are too high if taxes
were very low nobody would bother nobody
would bother because it's just not worth
it keep the money where it is maybe you
want to geographically you know
diversify where your Holdings are but
the average average person even let's
say you know the small business owner
they probably would never bother and in
the same way You' be able to keep that
money within your country you would have
more money for the banks not that we
need anymore more money for these Banks
and they would be able to make money on
the transaction fees they would make
money on the bank fees that they charge
people every month the loans that you
would take out and everything else if
it's closer to home I feel like people
would probably spend it more and that
would be able to generate more into the
economy but no you force them overseas
very very big mistake this is a whole
chart talking about the distribution of
wealth recorded versus hidden and I
thought it was a little funny because
you know it doesn't show that extreme
difference between what is actually
being
recorded and what is hidden I would
suggest to everyone that a lot of money
by the corporations is put offshore I
don't know that you know necessarily any
of these estimations they've given us
are accurate all I know is that any
chance someone has to put their money
offshore they do so and it is a result
of the government getting too pushy they
are finding their way into every facet
like I mentioned all the different taxes
that we have and they're making a big
mistake by doing that if their intention
is to get a lot of money shifting
gears US Embassy employees in Cuba
possibly subject to an acoustic attack
so these people had to actually be sent
home they're you know trying to
investigate the US is asking Cuba what
the hell is going on I just thought it
was interesting to note I don't have any
other information on it this is coming
from CNN the most most truth-telling
Network in the world so I don't know but
I just wanted to mention it let's move
on next one unarmed Russian Air Force
jet overflies the Pentagon capital and
the CIA this is apparently allowed to
happen regularly with these different
countries they've signed treaties that
allow them to fly over do reconnaissance
they're allowed to do infrared and
imaging they're allowed to do all this
over top and here they are doing so I
think this has a direct although they've
done this regularly I think that it's
happening now specifically because of
all this uh instigation and um you know
talking back and forth that's been
happening between uh Russia Syria North
Korea China and everything everything
that's sort of been happening I think
that this perhaps is a result of that
they some updated imagery appalling
weapon of violence so look at this
here acid attacks crime wave sees
Britain's top cop and Home Secretary
back increasing stop and search Powers
they want to be able to take you um you
know down the street they're coming
there they think okay you you have a
backpack on therefore you need to be
stop stopped right here they will do
everything to you you know that it's a
matter of time before they're taking the
rubber glove and they're putting it
where the sun don't shine that's the way
it is I mean they do this already but
this is the power the ability to go
beyond just the CCTV cameras just the
NSA spying on you and to put their hands
directly on you like I said they do this
already but here it is in law where they
could just do so just because they feel
like it that's what this allows they
take an event and they capitalize on it
doesn't matter if it's it's real doesn't
matter at all it simply what simply
matters is the fact that they are using
this as an
opportunity never let a good crisis go
to waste last but not least Canadian
soldiers are heading to the border and
what are they doing Canadian soldiers
are helping out those seeking Asylum so
many people are basically fleeing from
the US into Canada and Canada is now in
them all almost 100 troops will be used
to set up the campsite which will
consist of modular tent shelters and
lighting and heating and may temporarily
accommodate close to 500 people I think
that what's happening here as a result
of what's happening in the US they've
made their way through they realize they
don't want to stay there and so Canada
comes with open arms and you know
there's there's sort of the ethical
debate on it that's not important I
believe for for what I talk about at the
money GPS what I'm talking about here is
that Canada has its own economic
problems and simply cannot afford to
take in more refugees we are already
struggling as it is oil being subdued
nobody wants what Canada can export
right now at this time and so we are
basically living off of the Federal
Reserves bailout from back in 2009 2010
and
on and we are basically living in a
facade just like most other countries
but don't worry about it we'll just hand
out some free money and we will use the
universal basic income we can include
these Asylum Seekers and that why not
you know it's just our tax money no big
deal it's all free anyway if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs up and last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my books the money GPS M new
release global economic collapse even
more informative the first book is about
the four asset classes and how to profit
from it whereas the new book gets into
the tax incentives I get into how to
reduce your uh monthly expenses becoming
self-sufficient solar panels everything
else if you want to check those out
links are in the description you can
flip through them at Amazon take care